Add support for return statements in conditionals (#583)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/autograph.rst

Return statements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Return statements are generally supported inside of ``if``/``elif``/``else`` statements,
however, the returned values require a matching shape and structure across branches.

For example, consider the following pattern, where two different array dimensions are returned
from each branch:

.. code-block:: python

    def f(x):
        if x > 5:
            return jnp.array([1, 2])
        return 0

This will generate the following error:

>>> qjit(autograph=True)(f)
TypeError: Conditional requires a consistent array shape per result across all branches!
Got () for result #1 but expected (2,).

> Another example is the use of different *structure* across branches. The structure of function
> result is defined by things like the number of results, the containers used like lists or

Author: ```suggestion
Another example is the use of different *structure* across branches. The structure of a function
output is defined by things like the number of results, the containers used like lists or
```

dictionaries, or more generally any (compile-time) PyTree metadata. For PennyLane, this means

> returning different observables for example is also not supported, as the observable class is

Author: ```suggestion
returning different observables for example is not supported, as the observable class is
```

compile-time information:

.. code-block:: python

    @qml.qnode(qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=1))
    def f(switch: bool):

        if switch:
            return qml.expval(qml.PauliY(0))

        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

>>> qjit(autograph=True)(f)
TypeError: Conditional requires a consistent return structure across all branches!
Got PyTreeDef((*, CustomNode(ExpectationMP[(('wires', None),)], [CustomNode(PauliZ[(<Wires = [0]>, ())], []), None])))

> and PyTreeDef((*, CustomNode(ExpectationMP[(('wires', None),)], [CustomNode(PauliY[(<Wires = [0]>, ())], []), None]))).

Reviewer: thanks for updating this!
